---
layout: post
title: "Can you squash your commits please? Thanks."
date: 2015-01-19 09:58:08 -0800
comments: true
categories: [Github, Pull Request, Ruby on Rails, Rebase, Fork]
---

In the precourse work for the [second course](http://www.gotealeaf.com/curriculum#!rails) at Tealeaf Academy we are to go through the Rails Guides [Getting Started](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html) blog. I had completed this before so I thought I would get through it fairly easily. Amazing how understanding Ruby a lot better than before helps peel back the magic.

After getting through the guide I realized there was some inconsistencies with the naming of the anchor text in the navingation links.

In section 6.4 [Generating a Controller](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html#generating-a-controller) the code sample goes from

{% highlight ruby linenos %}
...
<%= link_to 'Back', articles_path %> |
<%= link_to 'Edit', edit_article_path(@article) %>
{% endhighlight %}

to

{% highlight ruby linenos %}
...
<%= link_to 'Edit Article', edit_article_path(@article) %> |
<%= link_to 'Back to Articles', articles_path %>
{% endhighlight %}

with the image showing

`Back | Edit` for the links.

It continues with 

{% highlight ruby linenos %}
...
<%= link_to 'Edit Article', edit_article_path(@article) %> |
<%= link_to 'Back to Articles', articles_path %>
{% endhighlight %}

for the rest of the guide.

I decided to learn how to do a pull request.

Found [Fork a Repo](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) in **GitHub** Help.

I forked rails/rails to my repos and then cloned it from there to my laptop. I decided to change all of the earlier links that said `Back | Edit` to `Back to Articles | Edit Article` to conform to the more descriptive anchor text. I made a new image also to reflect the change.

I then queried a couple of developers to see if I had all of the ducks in a row and see if they thought it was a valid pull request. One developer told me it was a fairly straight forward pull request but in in real life you don't hard code text in the views you use [Rails Internationalization](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/i18n.html).


I then started the first lesson of the second course at Tealeaf Academy. In this lesson we are asked to use scaffolding to generate a `User` model. I noticed that the scaffolding set up

{% highlight ruby linenos %}
...
<%= link_to 'Edit', edit_user_path(@user) %> |
<%= link_to 'Back', users_path %>
{% endhighlight %}

As this was generated by rails I decided to change all of the anchor text to `Edit | Back`. *Convention over Configuration*. Developers could change the anchor text on their own.

I pushed my new commit to my fork on GitHub and after a a day or so one of the maintainers labeled it `docs` and asked

>Can you squash your commits please? Thanks.

Um, OK. Googled how to squash commits and [found this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14534397/squash-all-my-commits-into-one-for-github-pull-request).

Squashed and then pushed it again. A few hours later realized I had left in `Destroy Comments` in the new screenshot that was made for the guide. This is described later in the guide and was not part of the first image. Came home from work and commented out the code for destroying comments and took a new screenshot. Squashed this commit into the  HEAD of my repo and then pushed to my fork on GitHub. This was then [merged](https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/b7dc096c9975088b8d7c12eb90bea499fc69b371) into `rails/rails`.

It was a wonderful learning experience. The maintainer I emailed got back to me today and apologized for the late response and congratulated me on my first pull request and merge.

###Some things I learned

- How to fork a repository

- Should have used a [topic branch](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/284514/what-is-a-git-topic-branch) off of my fork. I changed master.

- Squashing commits

- Communication. I should have waited for a response from the maintainer but I just pulled the trigger. Patience.
